# For authors | Philosophy Now\n\n**URL:** https://philosophynow.org/authors\n\n**Language:** en\n\n**Scraped:** 2026-01-15 02:58:58\n\n---\n\n# For Authors\n\n
If you are interested in writing an article for *Philosophy Now* please read the notes below first.\n\n
## Articles\n\n
*Philosophy Now* welcomes articles on any aspect of philosophy (including historical surveys, introductory pieces on philosophers or schools of thought, and original philosophical writing) provided they are written in a lively, readable and non-technical style. We are looking for clear and accessible philosophical analysis that ideally engages with the ongoing debate in the relevant area, or at least takes account of what has already been said in it. Book reviews are also welcome. So are humorous articles.\n\n
Naturally the style required by a magazine such as *Philosophy Now* is utterly different to that required by the scholarly journals. So if you are thinking of contributing an article to *Philosophy Now* please read a copy of the magazine (either online or offline) to get an idea of the sort of thing we’re after, and do please cast an eye over the points below. *Philosophy Now* receives a vast number of unsolicited articles every year – so many that we can only accept about one in fifteen and we have a backlog awaiting consideration. Therefore, unless an article meets our basic requirements listed below, it has virtually no chance of being published.\n\n
1. *Philosophy Now* is a magazine designed to appeal to the general educated public. The majority of our readers have had no formal training in philosophy and contributors should write with them in mind.\n\n
2. Articles should be self-contained; it shouldn’t be necessary for readers to look up references in order to follow what is being said. The one exception to this rule is for articles which form part of a debate conducted within the magazine.\n\n
3. Jargon: We’re against it! If the use of technical terms is unavoidable, please include a brief explanation of their meaning within your article.\n\n
4. To help ensure maximum clarity, please ask an intelligent, educated friend who knows no philosophy to read your article before you send it to us and, if necessary, modify it in the light of his/her comments.\n\n
5. Articles should be between 1000 and 3500 words long, while book reviews should be of less than 1500 words. Please indicate the exact number of words and include a short (50 word) abstract (just for filing purposes, not for publication).\n\n
6. By sending us an article you give us the right to publish it in the paper and digital editions of *Philosophy Now* and also to republish it in paper and digital collections of past issues, including in translation and via syndication. Authors retain copyright in their contributions and subject to the permission of Anja Publications (which shall not be unreasonably withheld) may publish their contributions elsewhere, so long as *Philosophy Now* is acknowledged as the place of first publication.\n\n
7. Unfortunately we are not able to pay authors for articles. However, all contributors whose work is published will receive a year’s free subscription to *Philosophy Now*.\n\n
8. Wherever possible, articles will be vetted by referees competent in the relevant area of philosophy. However, the decision of the Editors to accept or decline papers for publication is final, arbitrary, frequently unjust and utterly irrevocable.\n\n
Contributions should be emailed to the following address, with the text of the article in the body of the email itself or attached as a Word document (but not a PDF):\n\n
[editors@philosophynow.org](mailto:editors@philosophynow.org)\n\n
## News\n\n
If you hear any philosophy-related news which you feel might be of interest to our readers, please tell us, and ideally send us an online link to more information. We are interested both in major news stories from the academic philosophy world and also in those snippets of news about philosophers and philosophy which occasionally make it into the newspapers. Thanks!\n\n\n